https://www.therecipedepository.com/recipe/1150/steaks-marinated-in-soy-lemon-and-sugar

Steaks marinated in Soy, Lemon and Sugar

http://images.therecipedepository.com/uploads/1150-steaks-marinated-in-soy-lemon-and-sugar-1441665270.jpg

Ingredients:
2 cups uncooked jasmine rice
1.0 – 1.5 lbs round chuck steak
1/2 cup soy sauce
1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice
6 tbsp sugar
2 yellow onions
7-9 cloves garli

Steps:
Step 1. Make 2 cups of rice<br />
Step 1. Make 2 cups of rice
If you don’t have a rice cooker, a sauce pan will work just fine. For every 1 cup of jasmine rice, use 1 and 1/2 cups water. Bring the rice to a boil then lower to a simmer. Cover and cook for 12 more minutes or until rice is cooked.
Step 2. If you’re using a rice cooker, don’t forget to press the “cook” button.
Step 3. Take out your meat.
Step 4. Slice the steaks very thin, against the grain, at an angle, with a sharp knife.
Step 5. Make the Marinade.
In a bowl, pour 1/2 cup soy sauce. You can use low sodium soy sauce too if you’d like. This ingredient is a main staple in my kitchen. I love it. I buy it by the gallon. I use it all the time.
Step 6. Squeeze out 1/4 cups of fresh lemon juice.
Step 7. Spoon out 6 tbsp. of sugar into the mix. Stir until sugar granules are dissolved.
Step 8. Take out a few cloves of garlic. I like to keep a damp paper towel on hand when working with garlic. They can get sticky! Yes, sticky.
Step 9. Crush the cloves with your knife, peel off the paper wrappings and mince!
Step 10. I love garlic so I don’t mind bigger chunks. If you like them in smaller doses, mince away! Add half of the chopped garlic to the marinade mix and save the other half for later.
Step 11. Add the sliced steak to the marinade and refrigerate for 30 minutes
Step 12. In the meantime, slice the yellow onions into half moons.  How thick or thin you slice them is completely up to you. I like a mix of both. They will eventually caramelize and make your mouth smile.
Step 13. After 30 minutes of marinating, heat a little olive oil in the pan on medium heat. When hot, toss in the other half of the garlic. Saute until “almost” golden brown, meaning you don’t want them to turn brown.
Step 14. With a slotted spoon, add the steak into the pan. Then pour about half the marinade in. Crank the heat up to medium-high. How did I wait so long to make this again? Tsk, unbelievable. Allow the steaks to cook for 13 minutes or until you don’t see red.
Step 15. When most of the red has turned into a nice steak-y brown, add the onions. Combine evenly. Keep the heat on medium-high for 5 more minutes then lower to medium. Add a splash of marinade and allow the sauce to thicken (about 6-7 more minutes).
Step 16. Cook until the steak is tender and onions are caramelized (about 5 more minutes). I can’t even begin to describe how scrumptious this is. Ok, for you veggie lovers out there..if you must must add some veggies, steamed green beans or asparagus would pair nicely.
